# AssetReportAccountBalance

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**available** | **Double** | The amount of funds available to be withdrawn from the account, as determined by the financial institution.  For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance typically equals the &#x60;limit&#x60; less the &#x60;current&#x60; balance, less any pending outflows plus any pending inflows.  For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance typically equals the &#x60;current&#x60; balance less any pending outflows plus any pending inflows. For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, the &#x60;available&#x60; balance does not include the overdraft limit.  For &#x60;investment&#x60;-type accounts (or &#x60;brokerage&#x60;-type accounts for API versions 2018-05-22 and earlier), the &#x60;available&#x60; balance is the total cash available to withdraw as presented by the institution.  Note that not all institutions calculate the &#x60;available&#x60;  balance. In the event that &#x60;available&#x60; balance is unavailable, Plaid will return an &#x60;available&#x60; balance value of &#x60;null&#x60;.  Available balance may be cached and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date in realtime unless the value was returned by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;.  If &#x60;current&#x60; is &#x60;null&#x60; this field is guaranteed not to be &#x60;null&#x60;. | 
**current** | **Double** | The total amount of funds in or owed by the account.  For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, a positive balance indicates the amount owed; a negative amount indicates the lender owing the account holder.  For &#x60;loan&#x60;-type accounts, the current balance is the principal remaining on the loan, except in the case of student loan accounts at Sallie Mae (&#x60;ins_116944&#x60;). For Sallie Mae student loans, the account&#39;s balance includes both principal and any outstanding interest.  For &#x60;investment&#x60;-type accounts (or &#x60;brokerage&#x60;-type accounts for API versions 2018-05-22 and earlier), the current balance is the total value of assets as presented by the institution.  Note that balance information may be cached unless the value was returned by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;; if the Item is enabled for Transactions, the balance will be at least as recent as the most recent Transaction update. If you require realtime balance information, use the &#x60;available&#x60; balance as provided by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;.  When returned by &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;, this field may be &#x60;null&#x60;. When this happens, &#x60;available&#x60; is guaranteed not to be &#x60;null&#x60;. | 
**limit** | **Double** | For &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts, this represents the credit limit.  For &#x60;depository&#x60;-type accounts, this represents the pre-arranged overdraft limit, which is common for current (checking) accounts in Europe.  In North America, this field is typically only available for &#x60;credit&#x60;-type accounts. | 
**marginLoanAmount** | **Double** | The total amount of borrowed funds in the account, as determined by the financial institution. For investment-type accounts, the margin balance is the total value of borrowed assets in the account, as presented by the institution. This is commonly referred to as margin or a loan. | 
**isoCurrencyCode** | **String** | The ISO-4217 currency code of the balance. Always null if &#x60;unofficial_currency_code&#x60; is non-null. | 
**unofficialCurrencyCode** | **String** | The unofficial currency code associated with the balance. Always null if &#x60;iso_currency_code&#x60; is non-null. Unofficial currency codes are used for currencies that do not have official ISO currency codes, such as cryptocurrencies and the currencies of certain countries.  See the [currency code schema](https://plaid.com/docs/api/accounts#currency-code-schema) for a full listing of supported &#x60;unofficial_currency_code&#x60;s. | 
**lastUpdatedDatetime** | **Date** | Timestamp in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format (&#x60;YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ&#x60;) indicating the oldest acceptable balance when making a request to &#x60;/accounts/balance/get&#x60;.  This field is only used and expected when the institution is &#x60;ins_128026&#x60; (Capital One) and the Item contains one or more accounts with a non-depository account type, in which case a value must be provided or an &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; error with the code of &#x60;INVALID_FIELD&#x60; will be returned. For Capital One depository accounts as well as all other account types on all other institutions, this field is ignored. See [account type schema](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) for a full list of account types.  If the balance that is pulled is older than the given timestamp for Items with this field required, an &#x60;INVALID_REQUEST&#x60; error with the code of &#x60;LAST_UPDATED_DATETIME_OUT_OF_RANGE&#x60; will be returned with the most recent timestamp for the requested account contained in the response. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


